hi YouTube my name is Melanie and the
reason i'm doing a video today is
because i really wanted to talk about
this product that i'm trying now I'm
call smashbox masterclass volume 34 dark
complexions the reason I wanted to do
this video is because I was really
curious about this product myself and I
kept doing searches on youtube because I
wanted to see what it looked like on
african-american skin especially since
it only comes in dark there are no
variations for dart it only comes in
either light medium or dark so I want to
see what it looked like this is a kit
fifty-nine dollars for the entire kit
comes with eight products including that
master class vol 3 DVD which is a
three-minute video sort of an
instructional on how to apply the
product I'm going to try to make this
quick because I don't have a lot of time
the first thing we are going to do is
apply the two-on-one hybrid luminizing
primer it says to apply this product to
clean moisturize skin I've already
cleaned and moisturize comes and come
like a gel with the other creamy stuff
in the center and it's best to blend it
and then apply it with your fingertips
so very soft smells great going on makes
your skin feel silky after applying it
the next step after the primer is the
concealer which also comes in the kit
the color on the concealer 7.0 just in
case you wanted to buy it separately and
if that's so apply your concealer in
areas that you want to hide blemishes or
dark circles of course under my eyes I
do have dark circles so I'm going to go
ahead and apply it there and I'm also
going to apply it on my forehead here
because I burn myself with a curling
iron after applying the concealer it
sets to blend it in this brush came in
the box
come another mark here
after blending in your concealer the
next step is to apply your
high-definition foundation this is the
size that came in the box i'm going to
apply two pumps I'm going to use my own
brush because this brush is a little too
small for me to apply the foundation
with when I first put it on I thought it
was going to be too light for my skin
even though it says Dart I was worried
that it wasn't not going to match my
skin but you guys can tell me what you
think please I hope you guys leave
comments and tell me what you think
about it how it looks on my skin tone if
you think it matches or a doesn't match
my intention today are only to show you
what this product looks like Oh on I
don't want to apply anything else no
Noah mascara no I shot on the lip makeup
because I really want you to see the
product for what it is alone I think
that applying other products is going to
take away and not really show you what
it truly looks like by its up this is
going to be your base face made up
before you apply everything else that is
all of the foundation but I put on my
hand after applying the foundation the
next step is to apply this photo op eye
brightener it says to apply this plot up
underneath the brow bone and underneath
the eyes
and then blend it and I'll use the brush
that they gave me for the blending for
that
I don't know if you can see but it does
make my eyes look very bright after
applying that I'm going to apply this
product which is a two-on-one press
powder also comes in the kit with this
little loop babe ibuki brush that also
comes in the kit it sets to apply the
lighter side first on the areas where
you see shine after applying your makeup
so I'm going to go ahead and apply it
around my eyes
and to my forehead and my nose is that's
where I thought I saw the most shot the
darker side is set to apply that along
the sides of your nose as well as
underneath your cheekbone around under
your job
okay that's the complete application and
I look forward to hearing you guys's
comments tell me what you think about it
I think it looks pretty decent
especially once you've applied your
other products your eyeshadows your lip
gloss your lip sticks your other
products and you know I think after
applying your makeup full face you're
ready for night out on the town so I
look forward to you guys this comments
tell me what you think if you like it if
you don't like it if you think it's too
light if you think it's too dark please
comment let me know what you think
thanks for watching bye guys